Walter: Oh no, oh no, oh no! Late again. Detective Roger's going to kill me!
Walter: Keys, keys where are my...huh? Why is the door ajar?
Walter: Why is the office in disarray?
Walter: Detective Roger, are you here? Detective Roger!!
Walter: What happened here??? This is a mess, who would do this? And where is the Detective?!
:phoneRing.mp3
Walter: Hello?
Sinister voice: Hello Walter. I would say good morning, but I expect it hasn't proven to be a particularly good one for you so far, ha ha ha...
Walter: Who is this??!
Sinister voice: Well, now that's not important. What is important is the whereabouts of your beloved Detective.
Walter: Where is Detective Roger? ? What have you done with him you creep?!!
Sinister voice: Now, now, there's no need for name calling. I understand that you are the Detective's apprentice, and that Detective Roger has been passing on everything he knows about the craft of detection to you -
Walter: How do you know that? Who are you???
Sinister voice: You are very fortunate indeed to be in such a position. It is an enviable one, that's for sure. So, why don't we see just how worthy you are of the privilege? I'm going to give you 12 hours to find the Detective.
Walter: *gulps* And if I don't?
Sinister voice: Well, do you by any chance remember the Gruesome Case of the Pickled Parrot?
Walter: How could I forget, it was my first day on the job, it was...horrifying.
Sinister voice: Ha ha! I'm sure it was. Well, we wouldn't want the Detective to meet the same fate as that parrot now, would we?
Walter: What?! You monster, I'll find you and I'll, I'll....
Sinister voice: What? Faint, like you did at the Pickled Parrot crime scene? Ha ha ha! Enough of this. The Detective's fate is in your hands. You have everything you need to find your precious Detective Roger...providing, that is, you're good enough.
:phoneClick.mp3
Walter: Oh no, oh no, oh no! What am I going to do?!! I don't know where to start. Detective Roger would know what to do...wait, what *would* Detective Roger do?
Walter: Never disturb the crime scene. I'll look for clues, carefully.
Walter: Hmmm, why are there leaves on the ground? These are strange, in fact I can only recall ever having seen these in the park down on Baker Street.
Walter: What else do we have...well, look here, an ink smudge. I didn't leave that there, and it certainly wasn't the Detective.
Walter: It's the same colour as those typewriter ribbons the Detective imports from Venice - Paolo Veronese Green. He's very particular about it. I think he keeps the ribbons locked in the basement.
Walter: There's a lot of mess here, but I can't see anything else out of the ordinary. I think I should follow the leads I’ve gathered so far.
Walter: Now, should I head to the Basement or the Park?
